As I mentioned at the end of the last video, we're going to focus on deploying that streaming server
into our Kubernetes cluster in this video.
So let's get to it.
Like anything we've been deploying, we're going to go into our code editor by the infra directory.
Inside the k folder will make a new file called nats devel html.
So we're going to write out a deployment inside of here.
Again, very similar to ones we've already created.
At the very top, we'll write out API version apps slash V one.
I'm going to set this to a kind of deployment.
For metadata.
We'll give a name of nats dash depot.
Then for the spec, I'm going to say that I want to run one copy of this thing.
We'll put on our selector with Match Labels app nets.
Then our pod template section.
Well, once again put in a metadata section.
Neda data.
There we go.
Couple of typos here.
Got them fixed, though.
And here we'll set up some labels in particular just app nets.
Then on the same level of indentation as metadata, we'll put in our pod spec, we're going to be running
at one container.
I'm going to give it a name of Nat's.
And then our image that's streaming and we're going to specify a specific version here of 0.17.0.
All right.
So now we've got our container specified right here.
And we said, here's the image we want to run.
Just a moment ago, I had said over here on the dock or have documentation that some of these command
line options were really important for us to set.
If we ever want to set some custom command line options to be executed when our container starts up,
we can provide them in an option right here in this container section.
So we're going to write out arcs.
This is going to be an array of arguments to provide to the primary command that gets executed when
a container is built out of our image.
So in other words, we can take a look at all of these different command line options right here.
Let's just pick one at random and say, how about dashed?
If we wanted to set this dashed flag and make sure that Nat streaming server executed itself with the
star flag, we would add inside this args array inside of a string dashed.
Each separate argument that we put inside of here is going to be separated inside of this array into
separate strings.
So, for example, the documentation here says that when we when we use the rst flag, we provide it
a string.
So if I want to do provide RST and give it a string argument, I would put in the EST and then something
right here like that.
Now we're not going to actually set it, but there are a variety of different arguments that we are
going to be setting.
Our list here of different arguments is going to end up being pretty darn long.
So bear with me for a second because we're going to write out a lot of different arguments right here.
Please make sure that you put in the exact same order that I do.
Make sure that you don't have any typos, of course, or anything like that.
All right.
So let's get to it.
A lot of different arguments we're going to put in Dash P.
Or to.
To.
We'll put in dash em.
Eight.
Two, two, two.
I'm going to put in HB five SE.
But.
Five se.
Hpf.
Of two.
Then semi SD.
There we go.
And then finally dash I'd.
Ticketing like.
So now we are going to come back over here and discuss exactly what all these different arguments are
about.
Or alternatively, of course, you can reference all those different arguments against these command
line options.
But of course, if you don't want to do the reference yourself, don't sweat it.
We'll go over these options later on.
So that is it for the actual deployment itself.
And actually, we still want to be able to get a connection to this deployment or the pod created by
it.
So we are going to also create a service, a cluster IP service that's going to get us access to the
NAT streaming server that gets created.
So down at the bottom of the file, I'm going to put in the dash, dash, dash, and I'll write out
a separate config to create a cluster IP service.
I'm going to put in an API version of V one.
A kind of service.
Her metadata and name of Nats SRB.
Or Speck a selector of app nets.
And then ports.
In this case, we're going to expose two separate ports.
So we're going to put in name, colon, client and protocol TCP.
And for that we'll have a port of four, two, two, two and a target port of four, two, two, two.
Then we'll add in a second port to expose.
I'm going to give this one a name of monitoring.
Protocol of TCP.
A port of eight.
Two, two, two.
And a target port of eight.
All right.
So a lot of typing.
I apologize for all the typing, but this is the worst of it.
From here on out, all the code that we're going to write around that streaming server is going to be
actually kind of interesting.
Last thing we're going to do is save this.
We're going to go back over to Scaffold.
We're going to make sure that our deployment was created.
Yep.
I see.
Somewhere inside of here, the thing actually was created.
Once I see that, I'll then go over to a new terminal window.
We're going to try to print out all the different pods that are running inside of our cluster.
And remember, we do that with the cube, CTL, get pods, and I should then see a Nats deployment pod
right there.
Very good.
Make sure that you've got a status of running.
It might take some time, of course, to pull down the actual image.
So if it says that the thing is still creating or something like that, you can rerun cuz it'll get
pods and make sure that it just eventually flips over to running.
All right.
So now that our Napster server is up and running, another quick pause right here.
Next video, we're going to focus on what that streaming server is and how we're going to work with
it via Node.js.
See you in just a minute.